README.md, before:

[![CircleCI](https://dl.circleci.com/status-badge/img/gh/ariel17/jobberwocky/tree/master.svg?style=shield&circle-token=6b545bde2030b76f9305af7fcc0c2aae8ac96f22)](https://dl.circleci.com/status-badge/redirect/gh/ariel17/jobberwocky/tree/master) [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/ariel17/jobberwocky/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?token=01YJEADES8)](https://codecov.io/gh/ariel17/jobberwocky)

# Jobberwocky home challenge

Hi there! This is my implementation for the Jobberwocky's home challenge. [Read
the requirements here](./docs/requirements.pdf).

## How to execute it

### Locally

```bash
$ go run cmd/main.go
```

### With Compose
Compose is used to build the infrastructure required for
local execution and the Avature's external source.

```bash
# console 1
$ docker-compose up  # use -d to detach console

# console 2
$ curl -v "http://localhost:8090/jobs?text=java"
```

### API Documentation
Once up and running, read the [Swagger 
documentation](http://localhost:8090/swagger/index.html) for details
on API usage.

You can update it running the following command:

```bash
$ swag init --dir cmd,internal --output api
```

### Available environment variables

```bash
# with defaults
PORT=8080
EMAIL_FROM=jobs@example.com
EMAIL_SUBJECT=A new job alert has arrived!
EMAIL_TEMPLATE=./resources/body.tmpl
NOTIFICATION_WORKERS=10
DATABASE_NAME=production.db

# required
JOBBERWOCKY_URL=http://localhost:8090
```

## Diagrams

### Architecture

![architecture diagram](./docs/architecture.png)

### Sequence diagram

![sequence diagram](./docs/sequence.png)

### Models diagram

![models diagram](./docs/models.png)

Commit message:

Adds Postman collection :) And relocates config package.

README.md, after:

[![CircleCI](https://dl.circleci.com/status-badge/img/gh/ariel17/jobberwocky/tree/master.svg?style=shield&circle-token=6b545bde2030b76f9305af7fcc0c2aae8ac96f22)](https://dl.circleci.com/status-badge/redirect/gh/ariel17/jobberwocky/tree/master) [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/ariel17/jobberwocky/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?token=01YJEADES8)](https://codecov.io/gh/ariel17/jobberwocky)

# Jobberwocky home challenge

Hi there! This is my implementation for the Jobberwocky's home challenge. [Read
the requirements here](./docs/requirements.pdf).

## How to execute it

### Locally

```bash
$ go run cmd/main.go
```

### With Compose
Compose is used to build the infrastructure required for
local execution and the Avature's external source.

```bash
# console 1
$ docker-compose up  # use -d to detach console

# console 2
$ curl -v "http://localhost:8090/jobs?text=java"
```

### API Documentation
Once up and running, read the [Swagger 
documentation](http://localhost:8090/swagger/index.html) for details
on API usage.

You can update it running the following command:

```bash
$ swag init --dir cmd,internal --output api
```

A Postman collection also is ready for you in `postman_collection.json` :)

### Available environment variables

```bash
# with defaults
PORT=8080
EMAIL_FROM=jobs@example.com
EMAIL_SUBJECT=A new job alert has arrived!
EMAIL_TEMPLATE=./resources/body.tmpl
NOTIFICATION_WORKERS=10
DATABASE_NAME=production.db

# required
JOBBERWOCKY_URL=http://localhost:8090
```

## Diagrams

### Architecture

![architecture diagram](./docs/architecture.png)

### Sequence diagram

![sequence diagram](./docs/sequence.png)

### Models diagram

![models diagram](./docs/models.png)
